[Music]
Hello, how are you my
dearest lovers of the heart I hope
you had a spectacular start to the year
and that you had a
great time with your family I'm finally
back on this channel Yesterday
night I joined Javier Canijo and
today I'm already catching up on all
this okay I've been watching my
colleagues' videos this morning while I
was running some errands well I had
Diego Arrabal's live from yesterday to
find out the latest news and I'm
going to comment on it be a little patient
okay if there's any that comes
in a little late but we have to
catch up the whole community to
get the thread and be good and know everything not
what has happened be up to date on everything
tonight we have a big program with Marines
nal I have already announced it at 10:30
also Marina tells me that we have a
surprise from Kiko Matamoros I promise you
that I have no idea what it is
and well I don't know what it is I don't know what it is
no either he wanted to give me much of a call they did not
make a call if it will be  a
greeting if you would send me a
2023 calendar with your body I have no idea the
only thing I know is that we all have to
be here at 10:30 like a
nail Okay and then nothing to get into the
rhythm and every week the same
okay in fact I think that this Sunday I will
have guests again and I think
the next one will too and also
powerful ones Well
all the guests are always powerful No because what can I
tell you no, I have been one of all the people who
come here and nothing congratulations on the
year that has started with great force
we are going to comment on this repulsive news
because risto mejide well surely you
are already fed up with the clip but I am going to
put it because on this channel we have not
commented on it the clip of Richardson mejide
with a completely
repulsive joke against Ana Obregón's son
surely you have already seen it but
well we put it again because we have not
commented on it okay it
is not like that well in my case
Well I think that new beginnings I
say record it was very funny this
morning because it said well I am that on
telecinco as you can understand I did not watch  the
chimes are not a joke, I mean, not a joke
in anything major, not only on
Telecinco itself but because of what they
presented it on, no Mariló Montero
presenting the chimes, imagine
Diego Arrabal there eating grapes
with Mariló Montero, wouldn't it be a little, it would be
a little strange, there's something to announce
a pregnancy, not the death of a
loved one because that's always a ratings hit, well
that's always going to happen
unfortunately,
tremendous, eh, I mean, me and then the laughter at the
end, not as if, as if I had made
a funny comment, no Rich family
has responded to this, let's see what
Ana Obregón has said, she has also
responded to this, but first, as
always, in each video, please remind
you to subscribe to this channel. It's
completely free and we are here
every day with you to be your
company and for
you to find out about all the gossip, on this
occasion, a rather unpleasant gossip. I'm
not going to say no because the
truth is I don't understand where this
man saw the grace of making a comment like that
and all this is stung by the issue of ratings.
No, look, here you have the
audiences la 1 Ana Obregón and the
Morancos almost four million
viewers 23%
we're not talking about
numbers you know what I'm saying I mean
we're talking about audience numbers
for the chimes which are not the same
as normal days no as you can see the
numbers are usually stratospheric
okay taking away the people who were
watching it on the internet which has been a little
less not than last year those who have
watched it with eBay this year I don't know why
I really thought it was going to go up
but oh well I have to look at it
Risto Mejide and Marilo Montero one million
6.5 ridiculous total audience eh
Telecinco what it has been and what it is
now Cristina Pardo and Dani Mateo Well
they are more or less at the part of the five
with the sixth honestly Telecinco is not
even close to the competition More
direct Antena 3 now Telecinco is around
the numbers of the sixth Okay and look
Entre Cuatro
Entre Cuatro and Telecinco have not reached a
million viewers I
mean it is very strong Antena 3 almost
7 million on the way to 7 million  Spanish:
Spanish television 4 and a half million and
Telecinco and Cuatro, that is to say between their two
main channels they have not reached a
million
my goodness no one has seen them
no one has seen them
this is incredible not 1% at the
exact minute of the chimes there were more people
watching it on Cuatro who were 4.7% but at
the exact minute of the chimes 1% I
mean we have many videos on
YouTube we have many videos on
YouTube that have been viewed more that have been
viewed more than the chimes of these people I
mean tremendous eh tremendous they must
be furious But well No wonder they are going to are going
to renew the team no and here
we have a gesture from Ana Obregón
not only to answer Cristo but
also to give a sack to all
those people who were
comparing Cristina Pedroche with her
not a comparison that they were making
that well It is always completely
valid as long as it is done with the
appropriate terms no but yes there were
many people insulting Cristina
Pedroche
which to me seems like a nonsense I mean it does
not seem to me that this is an
elegant thing to present the  chimes
personal opinion for many colors
Maybe many of you who are watching
this video tell me that this is very
original and that you like it a lot. It
seems like a joke to me, okay. But she
's giving Obregón like
her support, not like she's holding her
hand so that no one laughs at her, so that they do
n't make fun of her and so on. No, and the
message is the following: in this life, not
everything is worth it, ridsomegide. Your
sexist and repulsive comments towards Cristina
Pedroche for being pregnant and towards me
for having lost my only son, I
recommend that we use that to get an
audience. It really hurts here. I
would have preferred that Ana Obregón not
throw sexism at me because I don't
think it's a case of sexism. I think
that comment would be just as
repulsive for a father as it is for a son.
Okay, I mean, Obregón has to
work and honestly, Ana Obregón
always, always in all the projects
that she has done has been successful, okay. In
fact, in fact, I would say, tell me about
the comment box that you had like
this
little stick in your career, no, you haven't.
been so so so active in recent
years after her son's incident, no, because
obviously she had her head where it
needed to be. So let's not
forget who Obregón is, let's not
forget who Ana Obregón is, all the
work that she's done throughout her
life and what a man, forgive me. With all due
respect, I don't think she'll need to
sell this and she hasn't sold it at any
point to get an audience. In fact,
I think it's through Spanish television,
through Spanish television, to
open the doors of her house to her again,
where I think is the place where
Ana Obregón has worked the most. I mean, I think
Spanish television was the place where
Ana Obregón had to make waves
more than obviously, but it's not a
question of morbid curiosity, I mean, for example,
Alessandro Lequio is working on Ana
Rosa and he's not working. Because
her son died. So please, it
has nothing to do with it, there's no, there's no
correlation. I mean, no,
Ana Obregón isn't getting an audience because
her son died, what she's referring to is, of course, she's always
going to do that, I think. Today I
heard her  Diego Arrabal say that it's
good that Obregón shouldn't have to like
mention it so much no now that
last year I understood that this year not
so much I don't know what something like that Diego said no
like I don't know that's something that you don't get
over and I think that it's not that Ana
Obregón mentioned it this this
week this year not in the chimes
I think that Ana In 10 years if she
is ringing the chimes she
mentions her son too you understand me
So no I don't see any connection or rather her
son has already died her son died a
long time ago and
honestly no it's not a novelty that is
sold and that people go on
Spanish television to see what she says about her son
who has passed away or rather that it was already known
not at the time what he experienced I mean
no it's not like a
new exclusive it's not something that draws attention what
Cristina Pedroche did Well yes
something is done that to me really seems a
bit like a redneck and a shovel not
the fact that it is being used come
see what provocative dress
Pedroche wears and they have  It's been going hand in hand
every year but they use that as a
claim no but it's not the fact that she's
pregnant What is used as a
claim by Cristina Pedroche is that
Ritos has invented something
completely
moved by envy and by the
frustration of the defeat of the
audience no
because here Cristina Pedroche always has
the most watched minute of the audiences in
the minute of the chimes, I mean in
fact I think that this has been the only one that has
n't been
almost a little less no I mean I don't know the
truth is that no I don't understand what
Rito is referring to Antena 3 is always the
most watched because of the issue that she takes off what
the jacket No no because of the pregnancy I mean
if in fact the pregnancy thing will be
screwed that she had given the exclusive in
the pregnancy well we sincerely don't know that it
was said that she was going to
give it but of course it's not a claim to
attract audience Why Because
nobody knew that she was going to give an exclusive
on Antena 3 during the chimes you
understand if you know that she is going to give an
exclusive then Then yes you bring in
audience but if suddenly during the
chimes  He says it no it has not been used
as a claim I don't know if I'm
explaining myself okay so to speak if he had
said it during the chimes it would have been a
surprise it wasn't something that was being
carried out and was being announced
But oh well but your laughter at the
end of the comment also hurts as if it were
funny to bury a child it isn't
Christ and I don't wish it on you or
anyone else given your lack of information I
refresh your memory for four
decades I have the honor thanks to the
teams that have accompanied me to be
with my works among the 10
most watched programs in the history of television
in Spain in the case of Cristina she has also
always had an audience in her
work and success I am sorry that your
repulsive attacks on two women have not
served you at all because your broadcast
of the chimes has been the least watched
in the history of Telecinco I just
want to send a kiss with all my love to
Cristina Pedroche congratulating her
on being a mother which is the most beautiful thing in
this life and of course to the future father
and also congratulations on his
wonderful audience during her chimes
and many thanks to Alba Carrillo to Frank
Cuesta and to  all of you who have
shown empathy with Cristina and
me
has responded to this by doing
what I call a headlong rush
but for all the controversy that is being
created
second because Ana you are a person
who knows much more about Tere than I do for
many more years and that is indisputable
I am surprised that you do not see that this was not about
you I love it because she has complained
about the issue of how they sell the ratings and
the claim and so on not when now on
her program she is responding when she
could have perfectly done it from her
social networks But she has used the
response as a claim I am
surprised that you do not see that I can
have wrong ideas I can be
wrong in my approaches and I am
open and discuss them with you when
necessary in private in public I do not care
but my comment that the death of
a loved one or a pregnancy gives an
audience the same someone should
ask
who it gives an audience to but come on my
son but come on son you are
saying that they are calling her Only
because her son has died
and the other because of the pregnancy when it is not like
that my son They have always had their
job
with those who put us there
if they are basically saying this is a
crappy answers honestly
for that he should have kept quiet I think
that There are moments in life when you have to
apologize and not mention
anything else about the subject and that is what will favor you the most
no sincerely no my son
no it is not for it is not for the bosses or rather he
is saying as if it is for the
bosses no that they have put him there so that the
audience Look my son what a
huge nonsense he just said but well
family risto mejide being risto mejide
once again demonstrates the type of person he is that
comment is not
scripted it comes from him in that moment of the
live from the heart I will be reading the
comments box I send you all a
huge hug and until the next video bye
bye
[Music]